---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openvpncloud_network Data Source - terraform-provider-openvpncloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use a openvpncloud_network data source to read an OpenVPN Cloud network.
---

# openvpncloud_network (Data Source)

Use a `openvpncloud_network` data source to read an OpenVPN Cloud network.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The network name.

### Read-Only

- `connectors` (List of Object) The list of connectors associated with this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connectors))
- `egress` (Boolean) Boolean to indicate whether this network provides an egress or not.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `internet_access` (String) The type of internet access provided. Valid values are `BLOCKED`, `GLOBAL_INTERNET`, or `LOCAL`. Defaults to `LOCAL`.
- `network_id` (String) The network ID.
- `routes` (List of Object) The routes associated with this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routes))
- `system_subnets` (List of String) The IPV4 and IPV6 subnets automatically assigned to this network.

<a id="nestedatt--connectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectors`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The connector id.
- `ip_v4_address` (String) The IPV4 address of the connector.
- `ip_v6_address` (String) The IPV6 address of the connector.
- `name` (String) The connector name.
- `network_item_id` (String) The id of the network with which the connector is associated.
- `network_item_type` (String) The network object type of the connector. This typically will be set to `NETWORK`.
- `vpn_region_id` (String) The id of the region where the connector is deployed.


<a id="nestedatt--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The route id.
- `subnet` (String) The value of the route, either an IPV4 address, an IPV6 address, or a DNS hostname.
- `type` (String) The type of route. Valid values are `IP_V4`, `IP_V6`, and `DOMAIN`.


