---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openvpncloud_network Resource - terraform-provider-openvpncloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use openvpncloud_network to create an OpenVPN Cloud Network.
---

# openvpncloud_network (Resource)

Use `openvpncloud_network` to create an OpenVPN Cloud Network.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `default_connector` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The default connector of this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_connector))
- `default_route` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The default route of this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_route))
- `name` (String) The display name of the network.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The display description for this resource. Defaults to `Managed by Terraform`.
- `egress` (Boolean) Boolean to control whether this network provides an egress or not.
- `internet_access` (String) The type of internet access provided. Valid values are `BLOCKED`, `GLOBAL_INTERNET`, or `LOCAL`. Defaults to `LOCAL`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `system_subnets` (Set of String) The IPV4 and IPV6 subnets automatically assigned to this network.

<a id="nestedblock--default_connector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_connector`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the connector automatically created and attached to this network.
- `vpn_region_id` (String) The id of the region where the default connector will be deployed.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ip_v4_address` (String) The IPV4 address of the default connector.
- `ip_v6_address` (String) The IPV6 address of the default connector.
- `network_item_id` (String) The parent network id.
- `network_item_type` (String) The network object type. This typically will be set to `NETWORK`.


<a id="nestedblock--default_route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_route`

Required:

- `value` (String) The target value of the default route.

Optional:

- `type` (String) The type of route. Valid values are `IP_V4`, `IP_V6`, and `DOMAIN`.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

A network can be imported using the network ID, which can be fetched directly from the API.

```
terraform import openvpncloud_network.network <network-uuid>
```

~> NOTE: This will only import the network itslef, but it'll create a new connector and a new route as its defaults. There is currently no way to import an existing connector and route along with a network. The existing connector(s)/route(s) will continue to work, but you'll need to set a `default_connector` and a `default_route` that don't collide with your existing resources.